Today at the court meeting
Qin Yuan's silent and shocked four-legged performance
But
Limited to the court
In the eyes of the people, he is still a fool
The prime minister means
Fewer people are arranged for the plot
It's not good to demonize the champion
Often you have a newspaper
Everything that happened in the palace today
Publish it as it is
This this
Asuko
You go too far.
It's you, old man
It's you, Mr. Bi
I didn't expect Li Si, an old fox
I'll be played around by you little fox
This is a little fox.
You are the fox
The two of us happen to be
What nonsense
I am the princess
Concubine Big Fish died without reading the folk messages
This thing has landed on the big fish in Japan
Did you have a plan?
I put a lot of effort into getting you
You have so many harem concubines
All are beautiful
Why are you chasing me?